CHICAGO 1990.
That's it?
1st December 1990.
This was perhaps the most important
and dangerous day of our lives.
Like a boat in a storm...
...we were neither sinking...
...nor reaching the shore.
Today we shall look the storm
in the eye.
Will the storm quell...
...or swallow us?
What you got?
Give it here.
Trying to get away, kid?
Every storm and danger to us...
...was a challenge.
What else you got?
Time to amaze the world.
Show them an impossible feat.
Get him. Come on!
Stop! You're mine.
Don't let him go.
He's getting away.
THE GREAT INDIAN CIRCUS.
- Where is he?
- I don't know.
Sorry, sorry...
What's that?
Magic!
25$, Papa.
I know the bank loan is lots more.
Give them this.
It will help a little.
If I gave them your 25$...
...they'd be in our debt, son.
It's way too much.
As long as you have these 25$...
...no bank in the world can
shut our circus down.
But Papa...
...I heard you say the bank
won't listen to you.
But they have.
I said I'd put on a special show
for them.
"Don't shut us down if you like
the show."
What if they don't like it?
How is that possible?
They'll have to like it.
They'll have to.
It'll go brilliantly today.
Because I have a great magician
performing in my act.
- And who is he?
- I know.
Me...Sahir.
My name means magician.
Dazzle the bankers with
your magic, son.
You bankers...
WESTERN.
THE GREAT INDIAN CIRCUS.
People of God are we.
Who can defy us?
Basking under a thousand suns
of hope.
With steely resolve.
With fearless step.
Today we set forth...
...to write our destiny.
Gentlemen.
The Great Indian Circus.
And now, gentlemen.
My new act.
An act that has never been
seen before.
Papa...
The boy...
...in the box.
What do you think, Mr. Anderson?
You have 5 days to
hand over this place...
...and everything in it
we can auction.
I just showed you the best act
ever seen in a circus.
This is not a circus.
Circus is a woman in a short skirt
putting her head in a hippo's mouth.
Circus is stupid.
That's what people pay money for.
This is the future of circus,
Anderson.
We are bankers, Mr. Iqbal.
We understand the world of money.
You have defaulted on your payments.
You owe us.
This circus has not been running.
And it never will.
Please...
My decision is final.
Sir, one minute, sir.
Sir, please sir, don't shut us.
My Papa is very good.
He's the best.
Ours will be the best circus
in the world, sir.
The greatest show on earth.
Sir...
Sir, we'll rouse the sleeping.
Look!
Make the sad laugh.
We'll show the world
feats never seen before.
No one can match us, sir.
Sir...
Please...
Please, please.
I beg you.
Give us one chance.
Sahir!
No.
You must never beg.
Preserving our honour...
...is in our hands, always.
This circus is my life.
You're tearing it from me.
Tearing it from me.
Don't try and threaten me.
You bankers...
May you rot in hell!
Papa...
People of God are we.
Who can defy us?
Basking under a thousand suns
of hope.
With steely resolve.
With fearless step.
Today we set forth...
...to write our destiny.
WESTERN BANK OF CHICAGO.
Help. I'm homeless.
Won't somebody please help?
The suspect is trapped in the garage.
I want a perimeter around
this building.
He's in the basement.
He can't run anywhere.
We've got him.
Captain, you're never
going to believe this one.
He went in there,
came out somewhere else.
How does he do it?
We have lost visual on the suspect.
I repeat we have lost visual contact.
YASH RAJ FILMS
PRESENTS.
DHOOM 3.
Where is Jai?
Means?
Is Jai showing up?
He's not taking my calls.
Non-stick pans. Pressure cookers
on sale.
Buy them for your missus?
Damn good deal, boss.
You'll shoot me?
Yes.
Look at my face. Take your time.
Short version?
Star material, no?
With a great face like mine,
I end up in the police force.
And you'll blow me away?
For free?
Your hands will tremble.
Your gun will see me and say:
"Wow! Handsome guy.
"Let him go."
Forget what I say.
Listen to your gun, brother.
So you figured you'd just
stroll in here...
...and arrest me?
And I'd go with you to jail,
all meek?
Why think that?
- Truth?
- Please.
On 15 August, Independence Day,
we all take an oath.
That India is free.
And all Indians are equal.
I take the oath, too.
But I've got this nagging doubt.
Everyone equal? Means what?
You and me? Equal?
Aunty next door and the star
Hema Malini, equal?
No, boss.
Something fishy.
Hot air!
You stand here...
...in your shiny suit.
While poor Raju there can't even
afford plastic rain cover.
How come? Sure, India is free.
But people like you enslave her.
Made two Indias.
One for us punters.
One for you big shots.
Whose horse wins?
Who wins the match?
Who wins the elections?
The answers are in your pocket.
I want that pocket.
And the scum that live in it.
I'll wring their necks.
The day your sort is rotting
in jail...
...that day India will be truly free.
All your noble thoughts?
Actually, all Jai's ideas.
Gave you the short version.
You see...
I arrest guys. But Jai's fists
do the talking.
Makes pulp out of guys.
Tried aunty's chutney?
That smooth.
So he'll come with an army
to save your face?
An army? One Jai is all I need.
But no one makes an entry
quite like him.
And that brain of his?
No one can match him.
You're not going to believe...
...what he'll do to you.
Solid entry, brother.
What the hell?
Rot in jail!
Ali!
Hey! They keep coming.
Grind those brakes!
- They aren't working
- Mummy, help!
- Ali.
- Yes.
Run!
Excuse me, ma'am.
Ma'am, what can you tell us
about the robbery?
A bank robbery in this
day and age?
Mr. Anderson.
Who's this guy robbing us?
It's a thief, sir.
That's all I can say now.
I mean this.
"Bankers! May you rot in hell!"
This is the second robbery at one
of our branches in a year.
First the Wacker Street branch
and now this.
He takes the money and what he can't
take he destroys.
My bank is going down
and I don't like it.
THE GREAT INDIAN CIRCUS.
25$.
I know the bank loan is lots more.
As long as you have these 25$...
...no bank in the world can
shut our circus down.
This circus has not been running
and it never will.
Ours will be the best circus
in the world.
- The greatest show on earth.
- This is not a circus.
This the future of circus, Anderson.
This circus is my life.
You're tearing it away from me.
My Papa is very good.
He's the best.
THE GREAT INDIAN CIRCUS.
I've come home, Papa.
I've come home.
Ali, this is a new city.
Let's see a new you.
Eyes to yourself. No girl here
is going to fall for you.
Ali is an international cop now.
Means...Ali's eyes are glued tight
on thieves.
And Ali's ears...
What?
I can tell. A four-cylinder.
Fabulous compression! It's a BMW.
I am officer Victoria Williams.
Chicago Police Department,
Intelligence Wing.
We've met before. London?
Crime conference last year?
Ah yes, sorry.
I know I shouldn't forget
somebody like you but...
...I'm not a conference kind of guy.
Conferences make me go batty as well.
I mean who wants to talk about
criminals all day. It's boring.
The food is always...
Horrible!
- I am glad you came.
- Me, too.
Coming here. Catching the thief.
Officer Ali Akbar. Mumbai Police.
Not crazy about conferences.
Only non-veg food for me.
Unfortunately that's my colleague.
She doesn't speak Hindi.
Hindi? That's all the English
words I know.
I speak a little Hindi.
I have Indian friends so...
Wow! So where's our shack?
How do we get there? Bet three
can't ride pillion here, eh?
Made off with Victoria.
Ali gets a mighty zero.
3 days. And Victoria will
be planning our wedding.
Confirmed. 3 days. Only Ali...
Hi.
I need the ventilation fixed
by tonight. OK?
We've rehearsed for a year.
Never imagined we'd perform here.
How did you do it? A real miracle.
Didn't do it alone.
The bank lent a hand.
See you.
- Where's the girl for my act?
- Auditioned dozens. No luck.
What kind of girl are you
looking for?
I want a girl passionate about
proving herself.
Someone with guts and lots
of craziness.
Auditions are now closed.
Thank you for coming.
Stop.
Ma'am, please stop.
Does such a girl exist?
You need a jeweler's eye.
Stop her, catch her.
Oh no, not this girl again.
Who is she?
She's nuts. I keep throwing her out.
Hey miss, listen
you cannot do this.
Wait! Just give me a minute.
- I won't leave today.
- You're crazy.
Give me a chance, please.
- This isn't a reality show
- It's a circus?
I am a circus myself.
No, wait put me down.
Listen, let go.
One minute.
Put me down.
Stupid man.
You are...?
The girl you're looking for.
Asian Goddess who sings and dances
like liquid electricity.
He won't believe me.
Please, one audition.
5 minutes.
If my eyes move off you,
even for a second, you're out.
And no coming back.
Promise. I swear on my
unborn children.
I'll pacify the lover who turns away.
Blow away all veils.
I will melt Raanjha's heart of stone.
Then they'll call me
the love-crazed one.
He's my eternal lover.
I am forever his.
Evening passes, the world sleeps.
And I wait for you.
He's my eternal lover.
I am forever his.
Evening passes, the world sleeps.
And I wait for you.
I am the love-crazed one.
Feelings flow like a river.
I look for you in every lane
as evening falls.
Evening passes, the world sleeps.
And I wait for you.
He's my eternal lover.
I am forever his.
Evening passes, the world sleeps.
And I wait for you.
Wearing saffron clothes,
I become a devotee.
My dark eyes will enchant you.
The love-crazed one.
Like the cool morning dew,
I steal the garden's scent.
I can turn into a roaring flood.
Or split a mountain.
I am the love-crazed one.
You are everywhere.
In every speck.
In every shining star above.
Evening passes, the world sleeps.
And I wait for you.
He's my eternal lover.
I am forever his.
Evening passes, the world sleeps.
And I wait for you.
I am the love-crazed one.
5 minutes are done.
Now look away.
I've been trying for ages.
Liar.
Swear on my unborn children.
Asian goddess who sings and dances
like liquid electricity.
Isn't that name a bit too long?
Aliya.
Welcome to the Great
Indian Circus, Aliya.
- Kiki, you are fired
- What? What have I done?
Two big robberies in a year.
Both times a message left in Hindi.
"Bankers! May you rot in hell!"
Both times a clown's face
left smiling.
Both times he robs different branches
of the same bank.
Two suppositions. A:
This bank is easier to rob
than the others.
B: That he only wants to rob
this bank.
He's good.
That's my boy.
Does this bank have any enemies?
People who hate it?
We're bankers. Everybody hates us.
All the lives you have wrecked,
people you've laid off...
...we're going to need
to know about it all.
Until then we can only hope
and pray for one thing.
That we don't get robbed again.
No.
That you do get robbed again.
And soon.
You want him to rob us?
If you want to catch him.
What are you saying?
We make him rob again.
How?
We just ask him.
Really nicely.
Welcome back to Max at 12.
Further on the Sunday news.
The clown thief who is laughing
all the way from the bank.
The Chicago police believe the thief
is an Asian. Leaves Hindi messages.
So they've asked the Indian police
to help.
Today we have with us India's
top cop, Mr. Jai Dixit.
What do you make of
our bank robber?
He's an amateur.
A "nausikhiya" in Hindi.
But he's managed to pull off
two daring heists.
Just got lucky.
Why?
I don't think he's a pro.
A clever thief doesn't leave
so many clues behind.
One thing is for sure. He runs fast.
My advice to him is...
Get the hell out of town!
Do you think he'll strike again?
Not if he's smart.
It'll be a suicide mission.
Everyone is scared.
They're not sure if the bank is safe.
They don't know what to do.
No one needs to fear this thief.
He's a clown.
He makes a lot of empty noise.
When we catch him, he's bound
to entertain his fellow in-mates.
You're very confident.
You sure you'll catch him?
The destiny of thieves is in
the hands of the police.
And I have Mr. Clown's fate in mine.
- Hi.
I'd like to meet Mr.Jai Dixit, please.
Mr. Jai Dixit. India's finest cop.
Delighted to meet you.
I'm Sahir Khan.
What can I do for you, Mr. Khan?
I wanted to share something.
I know it may sound strange.
But I can't stay silent.
Actually...
I am the thief.
No one knows.
Except you, of course.
I don't get you.
The Great Indian Circus.
The name of my new circus.
I stole a trick from the thief
you're after.
It's my new circus act.
Your Mr. Clown, your joker.
I know him.
2005.
Circus Fantastico.
Michigan's travelling circus.
That's me.
And that's him.
He was a star.
Deservedly so.
We were mere circus artists.
But he wove pure magic.
He had no friends, no enemies.
Never spoke to anyone.
Show over. Back in his room
behind locked doors.
I used to call him:
Closemouthed Charlie.
He did the most amazing trick.
He'd fly in one direction.
And reappear from another.
He showed his act to our boss,
Mr. Robert.
I was sure he'd make our circus
famous.
But Mr. Robert wasn't keen
and said no.
Closemouthed Charlie was offended.
I heard him speak for the first time.
I can still remember
what he said that day.
Well?
"May you rot in hell!"
The next day he was gone.
They say never hurt a clown's
feelings.
You'll get cursed.
How do you know the thief
is Closemouthed Charlie?
The press say the thief leaves
a clown's mask and a message.
How many clowns say:
"May you rot in hell?"
But why? Why rob a bank?
I don't know. If he's the thief,
he must have a good reason.
Can you identify him in a line-up?
No one saw his face.
Always had his make-up on.
No one knows what he looks like.
But I think...
...I can help you.
How?
He and I are men of the circus.
We seek applause.
The only difference is that
I act on the stage.
While he has turned the whole city
into his stage.
Closemouthed Charlie is a genius.
I'm not. But...
I can think somewhat like him.
But why?
- Why help me?
- Actually I want to help him.
Helping you is helping him.
I want him caught.
Because he isn't a thief.
Maybe he's lost his way.
Something has gone wrong.
This is the only way I can save him.
I want to, at any cost.
He's done so much for me.
I owe it to him.
It may be your last chance
to save him.
Because this time...
...we put an end to the heists.
Or to the thief.
Wow! I love your confidence.
Sahir, what you're doing
is a great help.
See you at the bank tomorrow.
At 9?
Done.
WESTERN BANK OF CHICAGO.
Comic, comedian, funny man.
Fool, joker, clown.
I go by many names.
My personal favourite: jester.
The very name is amusing.
Thanks for coming.
Thank me once I've helped you.
This way.
Playing the clown is serious business.
Because a clown's tricks
are all about deception.
Excuse me.
A good clown is a meticulous planner.
Because our mission is no joke.
It's a fight.
A battle.
A battle the audience thinks
they're winning.
But we win.
Always.
Flies in one direction,
reappears from another?
How do you do it,
Closemouthed Charlie?
If I were Closemouthed Charlie,
I'd rob today.
Why today?
1st April.
Clown's Day.
We're rehearsing for the
opening show tonight.
Can't take calls.
Thought I'd warn you.
Thank you.
You're most welcome.
All the best.
It's showtime.
WESTERN BANK OF CHICAGO.
Victoria, where are you?
My eyes have turned to stone,
looking for you.
Your brain has turned to stone.
You're looking for a thief,
not a girl. Got it?
Passing time. Swear on Mummy.
He's going to strike today.
Be alert.
Alert.
Alert? Means?
"Bankers! May you rot in hell!"
Don't move!
Turn around. Let's see your hands.
Show me your hands.
Bomb! Back up!
Police headquarters? Suspect
heading east on a black bike.
- Don't let him get to the lakeshore.
- Where is it?
- What are you doing?
- Police work.
Move.
That's my boat.
Help!
Let the thief run, the boat smash.
Ali is here! Ladies, no danger.
Stop!
Stop! Or we'll shoot.
Suspect is heading to Lower Wacker.
He's shot. I repeat, he's shot.
Do you copy?
Vanished into thin air.
How does he do it?
I'm his fan.
- Let's go
- Where to?
From where he can't escape.
The Great Indian Circus.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the opening night of
the Great Indian Circus.
Please proceed towards your seats.
People of God are we.
Who can defy us?
Basking under a thousand suns
of hope.
With steely resolve.
With fearless step.
Today we set forth to write...
...our destiny.
Love on my lips.
Love in my prayers. In body...
...in soul.
Love is all.
Love in my eyes.
Love in mankind.
Love in image and dance.
Love is everywhere.
I am crazed with love for you.
Crazed with love for you.
Love is a wanderer.
Love flows through life.
Be washed away by love.
Crazed by love.
I am crazed with love for you.
Crazed with love for you.
All my prayers.
You intoxicate my world.
Crazed with love for you.
Your light shines on me.
My heart is yours.
Crazed with love for you.
I see you wherever I go.
I pine and yearn for you.
Lost in devotion and love for you.
I am crazed with love for you.
Crazed with love for you.
I descend from the sky
to find you.
You are boundless faith.
I will live in your care.
Crazed with love for you.
Words don't console,
nor stories distract.
Only you bring peace.
You are my guide.
You are my friend.
You affect my whole being.
I am crazed with love for you.
Overcome with love for you.
A fire burns in my heart for you.
I am yours. Lost in love for you.
I am crazed with love for you.
Crazed with love for you.
- Come on, guys. Pack up fast
- Great show tonight, boss.
Sir, put your hands behind
your head, please.
You really can endure pain.
What's this about, Jai?
Closemouthed Charlie.
The mysterious clown.
Unseen by all.
Nice story.
I'd like to believe you, but...
...believing stories isn't my job.
I believe only what my eyes see.
Trying to help us was a smart way...
...of checking the bank's
security systems.
Only three men knew...
...the new security codes.
Two officers and...
...a thief.
Me?
The jacket and shirt,
take it off.
What?
Why?
A 9mm bullet...
...always leaves a mark.
Take it off.
Making a mistake, Jai.
Now!
Not a scratch.
What?
Nothing.
Sergeant, body scanner.
He's clean, sir.
It can't be. Give it to me.
What do you want?
No one can hide a bullet wound
that easily.
How did you do it?
I'm a circus man.
Tricks are my trade.
That bullet came from my gun.
I showed you a hand of friendship.
A cop and thief can only be enemies.
Let's go.
Sir, we have to go now.
We're very sorry, sir.
Actually I am sorry.
I regret...
...I didn't aim between your eyes.
Promise I won't make that
mistake again.
What's your trick?
Pity we aren't friends.
Or I'd tell you for sure.
Don't know about friendship.
But I'm a real good enemy.
Never forget it.
Is it hurting a lot?
People of God are we.
Who can defy us?
Basking under a thousand suns
of hope.
With steely resolve.
With fearless step.
Today we set forth to write...
...our destiny.
- Where's my box?
- Your box?
No time for fun and games.
Say please.
Are you nuts?
Please, His Highness
Samar the Great.
Where's my box?
The pawnshop closes at 6.
You'll get nothing for that.
Here.
Keep your watch.
You'll be crying later.
Two rings.
Silver symbol AG.
5.5 grams.
Total price: 6.070 dollars.
Casio G Shock. DW 5000.
Street price: 20 dollars.
Don't be too smart.
I am smart.
His Highness Samar the Great.
Thank you.
People of God are we.
Who can defy us?
Basking under a thousand suns...
...of hope.
With steely resolve.
With fearless step.
Today we set forth...
...to write our destiny.
And now, gentlemen, my new act.
An act that has never
been seen before.
We were father's two hands.
One unseen.
The other seen.
Papa would say everyone has
a secret.
I was his secret. Me.
The ace in his deck of cards.
Papa, you had another secret
you hid from us that day.
You said: "You're my secret,
the key to the trick.
"No one must know.
Always stay invisible."
So no one saw me.
No one heard me.
I stayed hidden in the box.
I wasn't scared.
But seeing you like that...
terrified me.
Scared I shan't walk on your back
anymore.
Who'd massage you?
Who'd tell you: "Papa, you've
missed that bit."
- Nothing escapes you
- I see all. Remember all.
That's why I hide you.
You're my secret.
My angel. If anyone saw you,
they'd steal you away from me.
Still carrying him?
He's a big boy now. You spoil him.
I'm father's angel.
Angels don't touch the ground.
Angel? You pistachio.
I'll eat you up.
I smell the bad smell of jealousy.
Bravo!
Say thank you.
Don't let go, Samar.
Never let go of Sahir's hand.
Never.
Never leave his side.
Never let go of his hand.
His Highness Samar the Great.
Have your medicine.
Papa was gone.
But the bank is still here.
Always will be. Because no one
can destroy a bank.
It's made of stone.
The bank's face and heart.
And mind...all stone.
That day we both knew...
...we'd destroy it.
They didn't like our act.
We'll show them.
Again and again.
We won't stop till we perish.
Or the bank perishes.
The world sees one.
But we're two.
One seen.
The other unseen.
Papa said I was his angel.
Angels have blessed me.
I forget nothing.
That's my great talent.
God's gift to me. His reward.
A reward shared with the bank.
This passage is very narrow.
What's in it?
What smells so good?
It's a secret.
Some things are best left a secret.
Maybe everyone has a secret...
...they never share.
They just can't.
Haven't even told Sahir.
But I'll tell you, Papa.
My secret is...
Aliya.
No one in the world is as lovely
as Aliya.
The most beautiful girl.
With the nicest name.
Aliya.
Even when I'm far from her
it's all right.
I like saying her name.
I like thinking of her.
It's silly, but...
...I like it.
Good night, Aliya.
Mr. Jai Dixit...
...we regret to inform you...
...that your services are no longer
required on this case.
The bank and the police...
...no longer have confidence in you.
From today all your access and
special powers are revoked.
You'll hand over...
...any materials you have
and any firearms.
- Where are we going?
- Home.
Mumbai's lock-up? Rum at night?
Michael Jackson's tea at dawn?
The airport train leaves in
5 minutes. Quiet now.
Ali was a punter. Now a cop.
Respected...
...thanks to you.
Being with you is scary.
The fear of death looms over us.
But never the risk of losing face.
Today you might...
...lose face.
Know what they'll say?
Those idiot cops ran back to India,
tail between their legs.
The impression we make
in foreign countries sticks.
When did a mad cap like you need
an invite to catch a thief?
Anyone dumping on your name
must be screwed.
Think of a cracking idea.
Wash away this humiliation.
I live in your shadow. No problem
for me.
At home every overworked, underpaid
cop pins his hopes on you.
For us your name is another word
for honour, Jai.
Don't change that.
What now?
Running tail between the legs
is cancelled.
Operation screw him starts!
Jai-Ali style.
This isn't our country.
But we're police officers.
Till now we were bound by rules
and protocol.
We came here all compliant.
But when we leave,
we go with a blast.
Glad we stayed.
But how do we figure out
how he operates?
Remember his circus trick?
He's the king of the circus.
I'm his great fan.
To understand how he robs banks...
...we must understand his circus act.
Brother, my brain is raisin-size.
Small but sweet.
Don't overload it. You decide
how we get him.
We find answers.
Victoria.
And all our answers...
...are here.
Sahir is hiding something.
Finding the hidden is something
I enjoy.
You're like dappled sunlight.
Golden like the sunset.
My heart tells me to let myself go...
...as I say your name.
You're like dappled sunlight.
Golden like the sunset.
My heart tells me to let myself go...
...as I say your name.
If you go, the day goes by.
If you down, the night goes by.
My heart tells me to sacrifice life...
...for you.
You're my affliction.
You're my cure.
All the stars.
Have lost their shine.
All day.
I dream of you.
Enchaining me with love.
My heart tells me...
...to surrender to you.
You're a quivering arrow.
A two-edged sword.
My heart tells me with a smile...
...to endure all suffering
you inflict.
You're my affliction.
You're my cure.
The dark sky seems to brighten.
The clouds seem to part now.
Night has turned to day
since I have found you.
The scars on the moon
are washed away now.
I have etched your name...
...on my heart.
Tied your name in an amulet
to wear forever.
If you go, the day goes by.
If you down, the night goes by.
My heart tells me to sacrifice life...
...for you.
You're my affliction.
You're my cure.
You wore my costume again.
How does it matter? No time
for fun and games.
I know you wore my costume
on purpose.
On purpose? Your costume?
I smell jealousy.
- My cable is tight. Loosen it.
- No, safety first.
I'll be fine.
I fly across 400ft and land on
the stage in 34 seconds.
Loosen the cable and...
...I'll somersault and make it
in 29 seconds.
Don't be too smart.
But I am smart. So?
Don't you think your entry is...
...too quick? Slow it down.
It'll look better.
More real. No?
Real? They come to see magic.
Why not show it?
- What time are rehearsals?
- Tomorrow's Sunday. Day off.
Samar, don't go out tomorrow.
Let's work on our new act.
I go to Six Flags tomorrow.
Please listen to me.
Why are you so stubborn?
Mr. Absent-Minded!
Forgot the box again.
Where's your mind?
He's a deadly mix, boss.
One seen, the other unseen.
One shot, the other checked.
Doesn't one brother look retarded?
Bit less than you.
Let me handle the retard.
You two go after Sahir.
What?
The case is as transparent
as Lonavla's waterfall.
We know their secret now.
We walk in there and handcuff
those dead ringers.
- On what charge?
- They're twins. Two-in-one.
No crime in being twins, Ali.
If we arrest them now, we won't
get a stolen dime back.
Sahir is too smart for that.
Slide over.
So, how? They won't ask
us before robbing again.
Sahir's strength is his twin.
His weakness, too.
You're way above my head.
Be direct. What do we do?
Sunday 14th May.
Sahir says I look like
a hip hop artist.
I told him:
"Six days a week I look like you."
"One day of the week I look like me."
Every Sunday he makes some excuse
asking me not to go out.
I know why he says that.
Because it scares him when
I go out alone.
No problem for me.
I can look after myself.
The truth? I have great fun.
I live in that box for days.
Only on Sundays do I feel the air
caress my face.
My nose turns cold as ice.
Love it.
Love scrawling my name.
My name.
Only my name.
SAMAR.
For two minutes I tell the world
my secret.
Then the secret vanishes,
all on its own.
Just like me.
- Two burgers. One Mountain Dew.
- Yes, sir.
8$ 20.
Thief, thief! Stop!
Stop that thief.
Hey you Indian, come back.
I'll kill you.
Excuse me, please.
You see Indian thief? Tall chap?
This much, you see him?
I kill him with this.
Thank you.
I kill you, I kill you.
I no kill you. I kill Indian. Coming,
taking your phone number.
Thank you.
Stealing? Very bad.
I'm not a thief.
If you don't eat for 4 days, your
sense of morality vanishes.
Happy Burger! Makes you happy
if you eat it.
Know who the real big thieves are?
The banks.
They can ruin a man in a matter
of days.
Everyone steals.
But you must find something
worth stealing.
What do you steal?
Fun!
Terrific ride. But there's one
even better.
- Which one?
- Raging Bull.
Let's go.
Where are you going?
I come here every Sunday
from 11.45 to 3.
Can't miss the bus home.
See you next Sunday? Same time?
We'll steal some fun.
The Great Indian Circus.
Great fun.
Thanks, my friend.
I've never had any friends.
Neither have I.
Good.
See you.
Papa, I thought I didn't know
how to make friends.
But friendship isn't maths.
No rules like maths.
My first friend.
I felt like telling Sahir.
But he won't like it.
He has no time for friendship.
Some things are best left a secret.
I have two secrets now.
Aliya.
And my friend.
FRIEND.
That's real brains.
Brains in Hindi is...?
God gave me movie star looks.
And gave Jai brains as sharp
as Karim's razor.
Karim? Who? He bleaches
my face, cuts my hair.
You think she's researching
your life?
I'm researching hers.
I have her horoscope. Native place,
beauty parlour, the lot.
You're here to catch a thief.
Do your job. Got it?
This is the list of things
I need to know.
Sahir and the Great Indian Circus.
Think you can find out for me?
I'll get on it.
How will his history help us?
Because it'll tell us what
Sahir plans to do next.
You really won't get it.
So don't act like you do.
Shall I act like she's my date?
Focus on your work.
Not on the Kamasutra.
- Mr.Iqbal Khan, how are you?
- I'm fine, Jennifer.
My locker, please.
I've been well. Just my knees,
you know.
This weekend my boyfriend
was playing basketball...
This is for you. Here.
Thank you. See you in a minute.
Papa, you said as long as
I have these 25$...
...no bank in the world can
shut our circus down.
This is the bank's last day, Papa.
The bank is about to close.
Forever.
Adding two and two? Eh?
Tomorrow you'll see four.
His Highness the Great.
The burger thief?
I found myself a job.
Today it's my treat.
I saw your circus act.
Too good.
I want your autograph.
And a photograph.
I clapped like crazy at the end.
But you didn't see me.
Forget me. You didn't even notice
your girlfriend Aliya.
The Wonder Girl.
She isn't my GF.
Aliya isn't your GF?
Why not?
What makes you think
she's my girlfriend?
I have very sharp eyes.
I read minds at a glance.
The way she looked at you only
a GF looks at her BF like that.
Thought she'd kiss you.
She's not that kind.
You know nothing.
Stupid.
- Makes you happy...
- I know.
I love her.
So? I was spot on.
But she isn't my GF.
She doesn't even know
that I like her.
Impossible, my friend.
When you stand near her
and hold her hand...
Know how she looks at you?
The way Laila looks at her
beloved Majnu.
When you dance with her...
...she looks at you the way...
...Angelina looks at Brad.
When she stands close to you...
...know how she looks?
The way Aliya looks at Sahir.
Yes!
She sees no one but Sahir.
She looks the way...
...Aliya looks at Sahir.
See? I knew it.
Sees no one but Sahir.
The way Aliya looks at Sahir...
But Samar sees only Aliya.
I'm doing your act today.
You will take my place
and I'll take yours.
Are you crazy?
Want the circus to close down?
Why say that?
Why? Don't you know why?
That's our trick. The world sees one,
but we're two.
As if anyone would find out.
No.
I'm doing it.
You can't. We haven't rehearsed.
Don't need to.
I'm always Sahir. Today see what
being Samar is like.
- Stop it! You can't do it.
- Sure I can.
We swap places today.
5 minutes. And you're on.
All right.
You're Sahir today.
I'm Samar.
For the first...
...and the last time.
People of God are we.
Who can defy us?
I'd never forget Papa's words.
No need reminding me.
You're totally crazy, boss.
Always have been.
I thought it was just me.
But I think you were flirting too.
I love this "flirting" term.
Something happened today.
No! A lot happened.
Something electric flowed
between us.
I can still feel it.
Well?
What do we do about
this electricity?
What do we do?
When some things happen in life,
you can't let them pass.
Everything has its moment.
It's all timing.
One second late.
It's all over.
If I walk away, all shy.
A year later, I'm throwing petals
on your wedding day.
Blaming my bad luck. If only I had
spoken out.
If only I had said something.
If only, if only.
I'm not an "if only" person.
How about a date?
- You and me.
- OK.
- Ten minutes?
At the gate.
Going somewhere?
It's not Sunday.
I have a date.
With Aliya.
Aliya.
So you like her?
Does she like you?
But who does she really like?
- Me, of course
- Yes? Like all the others...
...she knows only me.
- Why didn't she speak before?
- Never gave her the chance.
We're this close to our goal.
This close.
We're winning, the bank's losing
because we're two.
Papa's secret.
Our lives have a purpose.
So don't do anything to
threaten that purpose.
She'll feel bad if I don't show up.
I'll feel bad too.
It's just one evening.
I'm not a kid anymore.
What did you imagine?
You see her and she'll fall
head over heels for you?
How?
How will you talk to her?
Stammer away?
You'll get all tongue-tied.
You're a secret. Hidden in
that box for good reason.
Because you're weak.
We've always protected you.
First Papa. Then me.
Never faced the world. That's
why you're inside and I'm out.
On the stage we can pass as one.
Not in the real world.
In two minutes, she'll realise
you're not Sahir.
Stick that in your skull
till it totally sinks in.
You're my shadow. Stay that way.
You bloody idiot.
I'm not a shadow.
I'm Samar.
I'm not weak. I'm Samar.
Papa's two hands.
Sahir and Samar.
You get all the praise for my act.
My ideas. Applause for you.
Now you're the mastermind
and I'm the threat?
We have the same face.
But we have two minds.
Two hearts.
You want me to obey your
every command.
I must want what you want.
Feel what you feel. Why?
Why always me?
You be my shadow. Rot in that box.
You're weak.
Sorry. Date cancelled.
Why?
Don't date boys with untied
shoelaces.
Come on.
What if I told you...
...I don't know how to tie them.
Sweet trick!
Girl at your feet on the very
first date.
I like it.
Albert Einstein.
He couldn't tie his shoelaces either.
It's a fact.
Mr. Einstein of the circus.
The man who knows every trick
in the book.
Except this.
It's kind of cute.
Almost sexy.
I can't brush my teeth with
my right hand.
So what am I?
What is it?
Electricity.
- So where are we going?
- I don't know.
A dead ringer just walked by
with a sexy babe in tow.
Follow them.
Roger. Over and out.
What?
Since I got here...
I've been dying to say:
"Over and out."
Never had the chance.
- Ali.
- Yes.
Buzz off!
Buzzing off. Let's buzz.
Gentlemen.
Thank you for coming at short notice
for this emergency meeting.
Whatever it is, it had better be good.
I don't have much time.
Time is money.
Absolutely right, Mr. Anderson.
You don't have much time.
And if you don't be quiet, soon you
won't have any money either.
The Western Bank of Chicago
is being robbed for a reason.
That reason is the Great
Indian Circus.
Sahir Khan, the owner of the circus,
is Iqbal Haroon Khan's son.
A gentleman who 25 years ago...
...took his life because of you
and your bank, Mr. Anderson.
What's your point?
My point isn't for you.
It's for the Chicago Police.
What do you need?
Cooperation. I'm bringing him in.
Tonight.
You cheated.
What is it?
When you're in a crowd...
...you're the only one I see.
Now there's only you.
And I don't know how
to look at you.
Careful, boss.
Talk like that and people will think
you're my boyfriend.
Let them.
So which one is my boyfriend?
You really are two people.
You know that, right?
One is my boss.
Nice, but has a big ego.
He always ignores me.
And there's you.
When you look at me, I feel...
...as though I'm the answer
to every question.
Like I'm the rain.
Falling only for you.
You look at me...
The way you're looking now.
Tell me.
Which me...
...do you like?
You're my affliction.
You're my cure.
This one.
Good evening, sir.
Sorry, the park is closing in 5 minutes.
Hope you had a great day here.
You're my best friend.
All thanks to you, best friend.
You think of me as a friend?
Will you keep my secret?
ACP Jai Dixit. Mumbai Police.
Jai Dixit?
I made friends for a reason.
But I know the meaning
of friendship now.
Friends don't use each other.
Don't be scared. It was all a sham.
The friendship wasn't.
Friends don't lie.
Samar, I'm here to help you.
You lied to me.
The bank wronged your father.
They've been punished enough.
They've lost all face. Their shares
have plummeted.
They're bust.
But it's still around.
Papa isn't.
Forgiveness is better than revenge.
You've had your revenge.
Time to stop your fight.
You lied to me.
I know you and Sahir are twins.
You're the secret of Sahir's
great circus.
The police know you pulled off
the heists together.
You know our secret? Not good.
You're my friend.
I'm here for you.
But you must help me.
Come with me. Give a statement
to the police. Turn yourself in.
Trust me.
I'll help you both in court.
We'll make an leniency plea.
No.
Samar, you've no option.
I'm asking you because Sahir
won't listen to me.
He won't stop his mission.
Do you know how this ends?
In death.
Only you can save the situation.
Save your brother. Save yourself.
And Aliya's love.
Trust me. There's no way out.
I'm your friend. Please trust me.
You're like a bad cold
one can't shake.
Sahir the Wizard.
I'm a circus man. We don't
only fool the eye...
...but death too. Every day.
I like your trick.
You're a real magician.
Guile.
Invention.
And deception.
Put them together and that's
magic for you.
So a cop and thief can only
be enemies? Right, Mr.Dixit?
Making a mistake.
I can help you.
It was never your fight, Jai.
I gave you the chance to
go back to India.
But you...
...you conned us.
Samar is innocent, weak.
You're weak without him.
You're right.
But you weren't right by Samar.
Played with his feelings.
Used him.
They say think good thoughts
before dying.
So remember your few good deeds.
I'd happily watch you die.
But...
I have a bank to wipe out.
Enjoy the ride.
It's all about timing, brother.
22nd May.
The most important and dangerous
day of our lives.
The storm that shook our souls...
...will smile and still itself.
Today we wrap the bank in a shroud.
Today the Western Bank of Chicago
gets buried.
WESTERN BANK OF CHICAGO.
Move!
Take your positions.
Go, go.
Gas! Get everybody out.
Go!
Come on.
Come on. Go!
Damn it!
Samar, ready?
Always.
Thank you, Mummy.
Spotted us from heaven?
Let's go.
Never caught a thief by moonlight.
If I wasn't a cop, I'd write a poem
right now.
I can think of one. May I?
Next time.
Got a poem for this situation, too.
May I?
Forget them!
Can't catch them. Confirmed.
The night belongs to thieves.
Let him run.
The morning belongs to us.
How? He always has a new card
up his sleeve.
But I hold an ace.
I need choppers and a SWAT team
at sunrise.
Samar.
We'll find a way.
Samar, let's go.
She's crying.
It's a set-up. Come.
Sahir.
It's over.
Don't want to run any more, Jai.
No place left to run.
You can arrest me, but...
...you've no proof to show in court.
It'll take a lifetime to prove.
Here's all the proof you need.
How and when I pulled off the heists.
Everything.
Take me in.
Let Samar go.
The guilty must be punished.
Not my brother.
Not Samar.
It was all me, Jai.
All my planning. I did everything.
You have the thief.
What more do you want?
Samar is innocent...
let him go.
Come on, Jai.
It's a good deal.
It's a deal.
You promise?
You don't need to pretend
you're Sahir anymore.
You're not a shadow now.
You're Samar.
You're not weak. You're Samar.
Time for hiding is over.
Time you live and dream.
We were two.
We lived as one.
One will live now...
for us two.
Where to?
Let go!
They can't touch you, Samar.
It ends with me.
You'll be with Aliya. Free.
I won't let go.
Let go, Samar.
Papa said: "Never let go of his hand.
"Never leave his side."
Let go, brother.
This world isn't for me.
People of God are we.
Who can defy us?
Basking under a thousand suns
of hope.
With steely resolve.
With fearless step.
Today we set forth to write...
...our destiny.
High up in the sky.
Is our world.
In its shimmering folds
is our happiness.
With the moon's mesh.
We'll gather the stars.
This place is a place of magic.
Free of all sorrow.
People of God are we.
Who can defy us?
Basking under a thousand suns
of hope.
With steely resolve.
With fearless step.
Today we set forth to write...
...our destiny.
The Western Bank of Chicago
shuts down today.
Closes its doors forever.
Their stocks have crashed.
It's a huge disaster
for Mr.Warren Anderson.
What happened? Did the robber
bring you down?
- No questions.
- We need answers.
The Western Bank of Chicago's
final day.
It can no longer undo lives now.
Some people break the law to fix
what's broken inside of them.
Who knows what's right or wrong.
All I can say is you have won,
Sahir and Samar.
But true victory belongs to dreams,
not to revenge.
And that dream will flourish forever.
Live forever.
Always bringing joy.
The greatest show on earth.
The Great Indian Circus.